mark Belgium super training TV this is
tres and show working in a new overkill
been shirt he's got about 6 75 on there
a little bit of trouble locking it out
when he got it up there it just wavered
a little bit and I think he goes up to
around 750 on this day this might even
be that wait right here either this one
of the next attempt got good control on
the way down locks that one in much
better dresses the fast lifter he kind
of drops those weights down in there
quick and likes to shove him back up
quick here's Juan going with five plates
off three board
too easy reps no problemo
you trust in his belly it looks like a
waterbed I just kind of jiggling up
there hanging over the belt speaking of
belly David baptists is a sporting quite
the boiler there it's 455 for David he's
been working a lot of his form this is
the big man Jim Sheffield he's got about
six plates on their gyms also working at
an overkill been shirt Jim officially
has done an 804 bench and he's looking
to go up over 800 again at over 50 years
old or maybe it's 60 I don't know it
could be 60 by now he looks like he's 60
here's David bud squish again John this
is 475 let's see if the Sun gets in his
eyes or if his shoes are too tight oh he
gets it I was like a 20 or 30 pound PR
for David so that was that was a good
solid lift it's good to see him get some
full range full range of motion work in
that new venture there's Big Jim Big Jim
just getting back in the swing of things
is back in his hip have really been
bothering him all the way to the point
where was even hard for him to set up on
the bench and now he's making a bit of a
comeback there's one with another good
press
he's got David going again here with its
around 500 that's 500 even so that's the
iron wolf bench bar was a good job
getting that belly up there pretty good
patients at the bottom a little bit of
trouble with the transfer transfer there
at the top sometimes just handling some
heavier weights on some higher boards
off 2 and 3 board helped a lot there's
treasure out here's Juan going with the
680 pound press off three board good
strong press there that's it from super
training TV
you
now you could actually tell people they
can get those
not only answer that question
much more impressive from this side
here in the face
we're pushing it